Watching a clip on Chinese video-streaming website Bilibili can be confusing — words in different colors suddenly appear out of nowhere and swoop across the screen, bombarding the viewer with jokes and snarky remarks about the video they are watching. 
These messages are called danmu, which literally means “bullet screen” but can also be interpreted as a “barrage” — a more fitting translation seeing as the messages can become so numerous and intense that it becomes almost impossible to make out the underlying image. 
Danmu are nevertheless wildly popular. Bilibili, just one of many Chinese video-streaming websites to offer the feature, has a large number of subscribers. 
The appeal of danmu lies in the directness of the messages. Though the function can — thankfully — be turned off, for those who opt in by default, the messages are unavoidable, and the draw to join in is hard to ignore. During live broadcasts, the messages function as a sort of massive chat room. 
To Gao Hanning, a researcher of animation, comics, and gaming subcultures at Peking University, “Socializing is the most important function of danmu.” In an interview, she compared the experience to watching a sporting event in a bar with strangers. 
The messages are fleeting — most fly across the screen once and then disappear — and show up anonymously, which is another characteristic that explains their popularity. 
For regular video clips, danmu are just like any other comment function, but by being superimposed on top of videos, and by allowing users to choose exactly when and where their comments stream by, they are a source of creativity. 
Danmu can be used to obscure the faces of unpopular TV show characters or used for “special effects,” such as a string of O’s resembling bubbles when a character falls into water. Another humorous use is several messages in green to temporarily give a character a “green hat” — in China, a symbol that a man’s wife is unfaithful. 
#Some of the more popular danmu messages require explanation themselves — such as “23333” for laughter, or “666666” for “awesome.” 
One danmu fan favorite — “High energy ahead! Non-combat personnel, please evacuate!” — is an homage to the phenomenon’s roots in the so-called animation, comics, and games (ACG) community, and, further back in history, Japan. The line is a quote from a Japanese animation classic, and it is used to warn viewers that an intense scene is coming up. 
